README.md, before:

# Aurora-16 Software CPU

Aurora-16 is a 16-bit software CPU that couples a small yet expressive ISA with an emulator, assembler, and example programs. The project demonstrates how a CPU can be specified, simulated, and programmed end-to-end using modern C++20.

## Repository layout

```
.
├── assets/              # Generated schematic, demo video, and supporting figures
├── docs/                # ISA, architecture, emulator, assembler, and program notes
├── include/aurora/      # Public headers for the core emulator components
├── programs/            # Sample assembly programs (Hello World, Fibonacci, Timer IO)
├── report/              # Team report (LaTeX source + PDF)
├── src/                 # C++ sources for the emulator, assembler, devices, CLI
└── build/               # Build artifacts generated by `make`
```

## Building

Requirements: Clang or GCC with C++20 support and `make`.

```
make            # builds the `softcpu` CLI
make clean      # removes artifacts
```

## CLI usage

```
./softcpu assemble programs/hello.asm -o build/hello.bin
./softcpu run build/hello.bin --origin 0x0000 --entry 0x0000 --trace
./softcpu dump build/hello.bin --origin 0x0000 --start 0x0000 --length 64
```

## Documentation

- `docs/architecture.md` – ISA, instruction formats, encoding, addressing, flags, memory map, and hardware schematic.
- `docs/assembler.md` – Assembler pipeline, directives, labels, and literal formats.
- `docs/emulator.md` – Emulator subsystems (CPU, ALU, bus, memory mapped IO devices) and tooling (load/run/dump).
- `docs/programs.md` – Walkthroughs of the Hello World, Fibonacci, and Timer demos including a fetch/compute/store timeline.
- `report/aurora_report.pdf` – Team report with team roster, GitHub link, and contributions page.

## Demo assets

- `assets/cpu_schematic.png` – Diagram of the Aurora-16 datapath.
- `assets/fibonacci_demo.mp4` – Narrated slide-style video highlighting how the Fibonacci assembly program works.

## Authors

- Ganesh
- Tushar
- Jeevan
- Sindhura

Commit message:

Rename project from Aurora to SoftCPU

README.md, after:

# SoftCPU-16 Software CPU

SoftCPU-16 is a teaching-oriented 16-bit software CPU that couples a small yet expressive ISA with an emulator, assembler, and example programs. The project demonstrates how a CPU can be specified, simulated, and programmed end-to-end using modern C++20.

## Repository layout

```
.
├── assets/              # Generated schematic, demo video, and supporting figures
├── docs/                # ISA, architecture, emulator, assembler, and program notes
├── include/softcpu/     # Public headers for the core emulator components
├── programs/            # Sample assembly programs (Hello World, Fibonacci, Timer IO)
├── report/              # Team report (LaTeX source + PDF)
├── src/                 # C++ sources for the emulator, assembler, devices, CLI
└── build/               # Build artifacts generated by `make`
```

## Building

Requirements: Clang or GCC with C++20 support and `make`.

```
make            # builds the `softcpu` CLI
make clean      # removes artifacts
```

## CLI usage

```
./softcpu assemble programs/hello.asm -o build/hello.bin
./softcpu run build/hello.bin --origin 0x0000 --entry 0x0000 --trace
./softcpu dump build/hello.bin --origin 0x0000 --start 0x0000 --length 64
```

## Documentation

- `docs/architecture.md` – ISA, instruction formats, encoding, addressing, flags, memory map, and hardware schematic.
- `docs/assembler.md` – Assembler pipeline, directives, labels, and literal formats.
- `docs/emulator.md` – Emulator subsystems (CPU, ALU, bus, memory mapped IO devices) and tooling (load/run/dump).
- `docs/programs.md` – Walkthroughs of the Hello World, Fibonacci, and Timer demos including a fetch/compute/store timeline.
- `report/softcpu_report.pdf` – Team report with team roster, GitHub link, and contributions page.

## Demo assets

- `assets/cpu_schematic.png` – Diagram of the SoftCPU-16 datapath.
- `assets/fibonacci_demo.mp4` – Narrated slide-style video highlighting how the Fibonacci assembly program works.

## Authors

- Ganesh
- Tushar
- Jeevan
- Sindhura
